You said they even took the snowman
Yeah damn
Who is it?
Dare to slaughter the face of my Zhao family on the ground
Gotta let him know
This is the sky of Jiangcheng
Brother Zhao, what day is it today?
Why did you remember to call me?
I just came back from Sister Red Star's Turtle Shadow Banquet
What big sister retired
Strange to say
I was one step late.
The eldest sister suddenly left for something
But I heard he didn't retire
By the way, what can I do for you?
Brother Wolf doesn't know something?
My son Kai
Kidnapped by a group of unknown people
People in Beicheng Project
Please also ask the wolf brother to take action
There must be serious insurance after the event
Brother Zhao is polite, your business is my business
Wait until I go there myself
Must save the eldest nephew
So thank you wolf brother
Hahahaha
Why is this the backer you rely on?
It's not enough at all. What are you arrogant about?
Our Zhao family has a lot of chassis.
Call any one and it will kill you
Laugh at me, Lin Nan wants to stay
No one has ever been able to take someone away from me
Tianwang Lao Tzu can't do it either
Who is so big-mouthed?
I'm not afraid of the wind flashing my tongue
Uncle Wolf, you seem to be my Uncle Wolf